Add support for Rails 6.1 (#294)
zendesk/active_record_shards: Changelog.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> Support for Rails 6.1 when `legacy_connection_handling` is set to `false`. This is required to [opt-out of the native Rails 6.1 sharding support](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_multiple_databases.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for Rails 6.1 when `legacy_connection_handling` is set to `true`. This is required to [opt-out of the native Rails 6.1 sharding support](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_multiple_databases.html). **active_record_shards will not work with Rails 6.1 without it**
```
